Man: YET ANOTHER WIN
FOR ZANE TRUESDALE!
I'M TELLING YOU, FOLKS,
THIS PRO IS DUELING
LIKE A MAN POSSESSED!
COULD THE SECRET TO HIS
RECENT SUCCESS BE
IN HIS EDGY NEW LOOK?
PERHAPS. ALL I KNOW IS:
ZANE TRUESDALE IS BACK ON TOP!
HMM.
Jaden: SYRUS!
THERE YOU ARE!
HEY! ZANE'S DUEL
IS STARTING!
WE ORDERED IT
ON SATELLITE,
AND HASSLEBERRY BOUGHT
TEN BAGS OF BEEF JERKY.
NO THANKS, JAY.
WHY NOT?
MY BROTHER JUST
HASN'T BEEN HIMSELF,
AND I CAN'T STAND TO
SEE 'IM LIKE THIS.
HE DOES SEEM TO BE
ANGRIER THESE DAYS.
BUT YA KNOW WHAT I THINK?
I THINK THE WHOLE
"BAD GUY" THING
IS JUST AN ACT!
YA KNOW LIKE WHEN
A WRESTLER ALL
OF A SUDDEN STARTS
DRESSING IN BLACK
AND THROWING CHAIRS
IN THE RING!
YOU HAFTA ADMIT, SY...
EVER SINCE ZANE
CHANGED HIS IMAGE
HE'S GOTTEN WAY
MORE POPULAR.
I GUESS.
BUT IT'S STILL
HARD TO WATCH.
COME ON.
THERE'S BEEF JERKY!
OKAY. LET'S GO.
SWEET!
Man: WILL YOU LISTEN
TO THAT CAPACITY CROWD?
Different man:
THAT'S RIGHT, GENE!
ZAN-A-MANIA
IS RUNNING WILD!
I'M NOT FINISHED
WITH YOU YET!
CYBER END DRAGON,
FINISH THIS LOSER OFF!
ATTACK!
SUPER STRIDENT BLAZE!
AAH!
Announcer:
UNBELIEVABLE, GENE!
ANOTHER WIN
FOR ZANE TRUESDALE!
HOLD ON! I THINK
HIS OPPONENT NEEDS
MEDICAL ATTENTION!
WHAT
AN UTTER ATROCITY!
WHAT A BLATANT
DISREGARD
FOR HUMANITY!
WHAT'S THIS?
EITHER I NEED
NEW GLASSES,
OR HE'S LEAVING!
IT'S A SAD DAY
FOR THE SPORT
OF PROFESSIONAL DUELING!
CAPTIONING MADE POSSIBLE BY
4KIDS PRODUCTIONS
♪ CHILLING OUT WITH
THE CREW IN THE SCHOOLYARD ♪
♪ FINDING TROUBLE,
NEVER LOOKING TOO HARD ♪
♪ BACK AT CLASS,
THEY NEVER TAUGHT US THIS ♪
♪ SOME THINGS YOU GOTTA
LEARN HIT OR MISS ♪
♪ TOUGH TIMES, HARD CLIMBS ♪
♪ WE'LL TAKE 'EM ON
TOGETHER ♪
♪ RIGHT NOW ♪
♪ LET'S GO ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH GX ♪
♪ GENERATION NEXT ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE
AND WIN THIS FIGHT ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE SOMEHOW ♪
♪ YEAH, YU-GI-OH GX ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ COME ON AND GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
NICE FINISH BACK THERE.
THAT BOY WON'T
WALK FOR MONTHS.
DIDN'T I TELL YOU,
ZANE?
STICK WITH ME,
AND YOU'LL
HAVE IT ALL.
THAT'S TRUE.
BUT NOW THAT I HAVE
EVERYTHING THAT I WANT...
WE'RE DONE.
SO I WON'T BE
NEEDING YOU ANYMORE.
WHAT ARE YOU SAYING?
THAT THIS IS
YOUR STOP!
YOU'RE FIRED, SHROUD!
YOU'RE GONNA
REGRET THIS, KID!
"TRUESDALE, MEET ME
AT THE TOP OF THE WORLD."
[THINKING]
ALRIGHT, CYBER END DRAGON.
WE'RE GONNA RIDE THIS
ALL THE WAY TO THE TOP.
THERE IT IS.
THE TOP OF THE WORLD.
I WAS BEGINNING
TO THINK YOU WEREN'T
GOING TO SHOW.
HELLO, MASTER.
AFTER YOU STEPPED
DOWN AS SCHOOL
CHANCELLOR,
I THOUGHT WE'D NEVER
HEAR FROM YOU AGAIN.
EVERYONE SAID YOU
WERE CRAZY TO WALK
AWAY FROM THAT JOB.
AFTER ALL, YOU SAT
AT THE HELM
OF THE MOST PRESTIGIOUS
DUELING INSTITUTION
IN THE WORLD.
BUT I GUESS EVERYONE
HAS THEIR SECRETS.
I SHOULD'VE KNOWN
I'D FIND YOU HERE.
I HOPE YOU DIDN'T
CALL ME HERE
TO LECTURE ME.
'CAUSE I DON'T
HAVE THE TIME.
YOU KNOW WHY I CALLED
YOU HERE, TRUESDALE.
JUST CHECKING.
ARE YOU SURE YOU
WANNA GO THROUGH
WITH THIS?
OF COURSE!
NOW GET OUR GAME ON!
UH, YOU KIDS ARE STILL
USING THAT PHRASE, RIGHT?
IT'S BEEN A LONG TIME.
TOO LONG.
I'LL PLACE
TWO CARDS FACEDOWN.
AND THAT'S ALL
FOR NOW.
HMM.
WHAT'S WRONG?
I DIDN'T CONFUSE
YOU, DID I?
HARDLY!
ALRIGHT! I PLAY
THE SPELL CARD
FUTURE FUSION!
NOW I CAN SEND
THREE CYBER DRAGONS
FROM MY DECK
TO MY GRAVEYARD.
YOU KNOW WHAT'S NEXT.
BY SACRIFICING THESE
THREE CYBER DRAGONS...
I CAN PLAY A CARD
YOU KNOW ALL TOO WELL.
MY CYBER END DRAGON!
LUCKILY FOR YOU,
IT CAN'T ATTACK
RIGHT AWAY.
BUT WHEN IT DOES,
LOOK OUT!
I'M WELL AWARE OF YOUR
DRAGON'S POWER, TRUESDALE.
I'M THE ONE WHO GAVE IT
TO YOU, REMEMBER!?
OR DID YOU TRADE IN
ALL YOUR OLD MEMORIES
FOR THOSE TRENDY
NEW CLOTHES?
WELL ALLOW ME TO REMIND
YOU ABOUT THE WAY IT WAS.
YOU WERE NINE YEARS OLD
WHEN YOU FOUND OUT.
YOU ARE THE ONE
AND ONLY HEIR
TO AN ANCIENT BIRTHRIGHT
CALLED "THE CYBER LEGACY."
IT ALL HAPPENED HERE
IN THIS VERY ROOM.
YOU IMMEDIATELY STOOD OUT
ABOVE MY OTHER PROTEGES.
YOUR TALENT
AND DETERMINATION
WAS LIKE NOTHING
I'D EVER SEEN.
IT DIDN'T TAKE LONG
FOR ME TO REALIZE
THAT YOU WERE THE ONE
WE'D BEEN WAITING FOR.
I DRAW!
HOLD ON!
LET'S SEE THE REST
OF YOUR DECK.
TELL ME, TRUESDALE.
WHY DID YOU
CHOOSE THESE CARDS?
IT WAS EASY.
I'VE BEEN
WATCHING YOU DUEL.
SO I KNOW WHAT'S
IN YOUR DECK.
THEN I JUST PICKED
THE CARDS I THOUGHT
WOULD WORK BEST
AGAINST YOU, MASTER.
PLUS I BORROWED A FEW
OF YOUR STRATEGIES.
YOU JUST TAPPED INTO
WHAT DUELING'S ALL ABOUT.
YOU GOT INSIDE THE MIND
OR YOUR OPPONENT,
AND YOU LEARNED
FROM HIM.
IT'S CALLED RESPECT,
TRUESDALE,
AND IT BOUGHT YOU THIS!
CONGRATULATIONS.
YOU'VE EARNED IT.
I THOUGHT OUR JOURNEY
TOGETHER WAS OVER,
BUT YEARS LATER,
FATE WOULD REUNITE US.
THIS TIME IT WAS
WITHIN THE WALLS
OF DUEL ACADEMY,
WHERE YOU WERE
OUR TOP STUDENT.
WE COULDN'T DISCUSS
IT THEN,
BUT I WAS PROUD
OF THE DUELIST
YOU BECAME,
AND I NEVER REGRETTED
HANDING YOU THAT CARD.
THAT IS...UNTIL NOW.
THIS IS SOUNDING
LIKE A LECTURE.
AND I TOLD YOU I
DON'T HAVE THE TIME.
I'M HERE FOR ONE REASON
AND ONE REASON ONLY!
TO GET WHAT'S
COMING TO ME.
THE REST
OF THE CYBER LEGACY!
SO...THEN YOU KNOW.
THERE ONCE EXISTED
A GROUP OF CARDS!
IT CAME TO BE KNOWN
AS THE "DECK
OF THE UNDERWORLD."
BUT IT'S BEEN LOCKED AWAY.
AND WITH GOOD REASON.
IT CONTAINS
A DANGEROUS FORCE.
SPARE ME
THE STORIES.
I WANT THOSE CARDS!
NEVER!
YOU HAVE NO CHOICE.
ONCE I DEFEAT YOU,
THEY'RE MINE.
I'LL NEVER REVEAL
THEIR LOCATION, TRUESDALE!
BUT I WILL REVEAL
THIS TRAP!
CYBER SHADOW GARDNA!
THIS CARD STAYS ACTIVE
FOR BOTH OF OUR TURNS.
IT CREATES
A SHADOW MONSTER
WHOSE POWER IS EQUAL
TO ONE OF YOUR MONSTERS!
NOW, SHADOW GARDNA,
REPLICATE HIS
CYBER END DRAGON!
SORRY, TEACH,
YOU'RE OUT OF LUCK!
IT'S DE-FUSION!
SO MY DRAGON
SEPARATES
INTO THREE!
AND SINCE YOUR
SHADOW MONSTER
CAN ONLY MIMIC ONE
OF MY MONSTERS,
IT BECOMES EQUAL
TO ONE CYBER DRAGON.
IT LOOKS LIKE
THE END.
GUESS YOU TAUGHT
ME WELL.
HOW APPROPRIATE
THAT AFTER ALL
THESE YEARS
THE STUDENT FINALLY
GETS CHANCE
TO SCHOOL
HIS FORMER TEACHER!
AND IT STARTS NOW.
CYBER DRAGON...
STRIDENT BLAST!
I'VE STILL GOT
TWO DRAGONS LEFT.
LOOKS LIKE YOU'VE
GOTTEN CARELESS
IN YOUR OLD AGE.
WRONG. YOU JUST BECAME
MORE GULLIBLE THAT'S ALL.
WE'LL SEE
ABOUT THAT.
I REVEAL MY TRAP CARD!
IT'S BYROAD SACRIFICE!
AND IT ACTIVATES
WHEN A MONSTER OF MINE
IS DESTROYED
IN BATTLE!
NOW I'M ALLOWED TO
SUMMON ANOTHER MONSTER
FROM MY HAND!
SO I PLAY THIS!
MY CYBER OGRE!
[GROWLS]
WITH ONLY
1,900 POINTS
YOUR OGRE IS JUST
FOOD FOR MY DRAGON.
YA THINK SO, HUH?
MY NEXT MOVE
OUGHTA ANSWER
YOUR QUESTION!
CYBER DRAGON,
ATTACK!
I SEND ANOTHER OGRE
TO THE GRAVEYARD!
DO YOU KNOW WHY?
BECAUSE NOW THE DAMAGE
THAT MY OGRE
ON THE FIELD WOULD HAVE
TAKEN BECOMES ZERO!
NOW THE OGRE THAT
WAS ATTACKED
GAINS THE POWER
OF THE MONSTER
THAT ATTACKED IT!
SINCE YOUR CYBER DRAGON
HAD 2,100,
MY OGRE'S STRENGTH
INCREASES TO 4,000.
NOT BAD, SHEPPARD.
I'LL END WITH THIS.
HERE'S YOUR CHOICE.
TELL ME WHERE
I CAN FIND THAT
UNDERWORLD DECK...
OR CONTINUE THIS DUEL
AT YOUR OWN RISK.
I'LL TAKE MY CHANCES.
THIS IS YOUR
LAST WARNING.
HAND OVER THAT
UNDERWORLD DECK,
AND I WON'T
TAKE THIS DUEL
ANY FURTHER.
I'M NOT TOO WORRIED.
'CAUSE I'M ENDING THIS.
RIGHT NOW!
I REVEAL MY TRAP!
ATTACK
REFLECTOR UNIT!
HERE'S HOW IT WORKS!
I SACRIFICE A DRAGON
FROM MY FIELD...
IN ORDER TO SUMMON
CYBER BARRIER DRAGON
FROM MY DECK!
[ROARS]
AND AS LONG AS CYBER
BARRIER DRAGON'S
IN ATTACK MODE...
YOU'RE OUTTA
LUCK, SHEPPARD.
'CAUSE EVERY TURN
I CAN STOP ONE
OF YOUR ATTACKS!
THAT MEANS
MY OGRE'S USELESS!
BUT I HAVE SOMETHING
ELSE IN MIND!
I ACTIVATE
MONSTER REINCARNATION!
SO I TOSS A CARD
FROM MY HAND...
AND THEN REPLACE IT
WITH A MONSTER CARD
FROM MY GRAVEYARD.
THEN I'LL PLACE
ONE CARD FACEDOWN
AND END MY TURN!
THAT WAS THE LAST
MOVE YOU'LL EVER MAKE!
I PLAY...
PROTO-CYBER DRAGON!
AND I'LL PLACE HIM
IN ATTACK MODE!
AND NEXT...
I ACTIVATE THIS!
MY PHOTON GENERATOR
UNIT SPELL CARD!
IN ORDER
TO USE IT...
TWO 'A MY
CYBER DRAGONS
HAFTA GO.
THAT'S RIGHT.
MY PROTO-CYBER DRAGON
FITS THE REQUIREMENT!
GO, CYBER LASER DRAGON!
[ROARS]
NOW I ACTIVATE
MY LASER DRAGON'S
SPECIAL EFFECT!
ONCE EVERY TURN,
IT CAN DESTROY ONE
OF YOUR MONSTERS
AS LONG IT HAS
THE SAME OR FEWER
ATTACK POINTS.
THERE GOES
YOUR CYBER OGRE!
WELL I PLAY THIS!
THE SPELL CARD
SCRAP FUSION!
IT LETS ME TAKE
FUSION MONSTERS
FROM YOUR GRAVEYARD!
SO YOUR THREE CYBER DRAGONS
ARE IN MY CONTROL!
HAND 'EM OVER,
TRUESDALE.
OH RIGHT THERE'S
ONE SMALL DETAIL
I FORGOT TO MENTION.
SCRAP FUSION LETS ME
FUSE THOSE MONSTERS!
SO THAT MEANS
CYBER END DRAGON
BELONGS TO ME!
YOUR BIRTHRIGHT IS
NOW UNDER THE COMMAND
OF ITS FORMER MASTER.
ENOUGH, I GET IT!
I'LL END
MY TURN NOW.
AS WELL YOU SHOULD.
I DRAW!
THEN I PLAY
POT OF GREED!
SO CAN I DRAW
TWICE MORE.
NOT BAD.
NOW I SUMMON...
CYBER ESPER
IN ATTACK MODE!
SINCE YOUR
BARRIER DRAGON
ONLY NEGATES
MY FIRST MONSTER'S
ATTACK,
I'M SAVING MY
CYBER END DRAGON
FOR LATER.
CYBER ESPER!
THE FIRST ATTACK
OF MY TURN IS YOURS!
CYBERNETIC SHOCK!
LIKE YOU SAID,
MY DRAGON'S
EFFECT KICKS IN.
SO CYBER ESPER'S
ATTACK IS NEGATED.
[THINKING]
PERFECT! NOW HE CAN'T
USE THAT EFFECT AGAIN.
ALL I HAVE TO DO NOW IS
DESTROY HIS LASER DRAGON,
SO HE CAN'T USE ITS
SPECIAL ABILITY NEXT TURN.
CYBER END DRAGON!
TAKE OUT HIS
LASER DRAGON NOW!
SUPER STRIDENT BLAZE!
I PLACE ONE CARD FACEDOWN
AND LET YOU GO.
ABOUT TIME.
I PLAY--
HANG ON A SEC!
ESPER'S SPECIAL ABILITY
ACTIVATES!
NOW I HAVE THE PRIVILEGE
OF LOOKING
AT EVERY CARD YOU DRAW.
HMM.
I ACTIVATE
POT OF GREED!
SO I CAN DRAW
TWO CARDS.
[THINKING]
HE'LL PROBABLY USE
THAT LIMITER REMOVAL CARD
TO DOUBLE HIS BARRIER
DRAGON'S STRENGTH
SO HE CAN DESTROY
MY ESPER.
THEN HE'LL USE
CREATURE SWAP
TO GET
CYBER END DRAGON BACK.
WHAT HE DOESN'T KNOW
IS THAT MY FACEDOWN CARD
IS TROJAN BLAST.
SO IF HE TAKES
A MONSTER FROM ME,
HE'LL LOSE LIFE POINTS
EQUAL TO ITS ATTACK POINTS!
SINCE CYBER END DRAGON
HAS 4,000 POINTS,
HE'LL LOSE IN TWO MOVES!
AND KNOWING HIS HISTORY
WITH THAT CARD,
I'M SURE HE'LL TRY
AND TAKE IT BACK.
MY MOVE!
CYBER END DRAGON...
HOW DO I SUMMON YOU?
OH. BY MERGING
MY THREE DRAGONS
TOGETHER, HUH?
THIS IS SO COOL!
IT JUST SPOKE TO ME!
A CARD SPOKE TO ME!
[THINKING]
GOOD JOB, TRUESDALE.
TO BE ABLE TO CONNECT
WITH A MONSTER SPIRIT--
THAT'S THE KINDA STUFF
NO ONE CAN TEACH YOU.
THAT CARD MEANS
EVERYTHING TO HIM.
IF THE OLD ZANE'S
IN THERE,
THIS IS THE WAY
TO GET TO 'IM.
I REVEAL
MY TRAP CARD!
LOST PRIDE!
BY MOVING ONE
SPELL CARD
FROM MY HAND
TO MY GRAVEYARD...
I CAN ADD
A SPELL CARD
FROM YOUR GRAVEYARD
TO MY HAND.
HERE GOES.
I SACRIFICE
CREATURE SWAP.
YOU WHAT?
BUT NOW YOU CAN'T
GET CYBER END DRAGON!
I DON'T WANT IT!
FROM YOUR GRAVEYARD,
I ADD SCRAP FUSION
TO MY HAND.
ZANE! DO YOU KNOW WHAT
YOU'RE DOING!?
FOR THE FIRST TIME
IN MY LIFE...
I KNOW EXACTLY
WHAT I'M DOING!
TIME TO
FINISH THIS.
I PLAY
RUTHLESS DENIAL!
FIRST I HAVE TO
SACRIFICE ONE
OF MY MONSTERS,
SO I CHOOSE
MY LASER DRAGON!
THEN I CAN SEND ONE
OF YOUR MONSTERS
TO THE GRAVEYARD!
BUT WHICH ONE?
WAIT I KNOW!
HOW 'BOUT THAT
CYBER OGRE
YOU JUST
BROUGHT BACK?
NOW THERE ARE
TWO CYBER OGRES
IN YOUR GRAVEYARD.
THIS OUGHTA BE FUN.
NOW I PLAY
A SPELL CARD!
IT'S CALLED
SCRAP FUSION,
BUT I'LL GET
TO THAT IN A BIT!
FIRST I HAVE TO PAY
1,000 POINTS!
THAT'S FOR ACTIVATING
LOST PRIDE.
HOLD ON!
ARE YOU--
I ACTIVATE
SCRAP FUSION!
NOW I CAN FUSE
THE TWO OGRES
IN YOUR GRAVEYARD!
AND NEXT...
I PLAY A CARD
FROM YOUR DECK!
IT'S THE FUSION
MONSTER KNOWN
AS CYBER OGRE 2...
IN ATTACK MODE!
HOW COULD YOU!?
TELL ME ZANE!
I'M HERE TO DUEL.
NOT TO TALK,
SHEPPARD.
NOW CYBER OGRE 2's
SPECIAL ABILITY
ACTIVATES!
GIVING IT POINTS
EQUAL TO HALF
OF END DRAGON'S!
SO THAT'S
2,000 MORE!
NEXT I PLAY
THIS SPELL.
IT'S CALLED
LIMITER REMOVAL!
CYBER OGRE 2'S
ATTACK POINTS DOUBLE!
NOW ATTACK
CYBER END DRAGON!
WHAT'VE YOU DONE!?
YOU AND THAT DRAGON
SHARED A SPECIAL BOND!
WE STILL DO.
I CAN HEAR ITS
SPIRIT RIGHT NOW...
SCREAMING FOR MERCY,
AND GUESS WHAT?
I DON'T REALLY CARE.
YA KNOW WHY?
I CAME
FOR ONE THING.
AND I'M NOT
LEAVING WITHOUT IT.
EVEN IF IT MEANS
GETTING RID
OF AN OLD FRIEND.
CYBER END DRAGON...
IT'S BEEN REAL.
WELL WHATA YA KNOW?
THE UNDERWORLD DECK.
WAIT!
EXCELLENT.
BE THANKFUL I SPARED
YOU, SHEPPARD.
I COULD'VE PUSHED
THIS MUCH FURTHER.
TRUESDALE, HOLD ON.
TAKE THIS WITH YOU.
SO WHAT IS IT?
WANNA KNOW WHERE I'VE
BEEN ALL THESE MONTHS?
TRAVELING TO SCHOOLS
AND DUELIST LEAGUES
IN THE FOUR CORNERS
OF THE EARTH.
KNOW WHY?
BECAUSE I'M ORGANIZING
THE ULTIMATE TOURNAMENT.
AND WHAT
AM I HOLDING?
YOUR TICKET.
NO ONE CAN ENTER
MY TOURNAMENT
WITHOUT ONE
OF THOSE MEDALS.
TRUESDALE, IT'D BE
IN YOUR BEST INTEREST
TO JOIN.
SORRY, TEACH.
THIS JUST
ISN'T MY THING.
I DON'T DO CONTESTS.
ALTHOUGH...
COULD BE A GOOD TIME
TO TRY OUT
MY NEW DECK.
I'LL THINK ABOUT IT.
I SUGGEST YOU DO.
THIS IS THE OPPORTUNITY
OF A LIFETIME!
[THINKING]
I'M NOT GIVIN' UP
ON YOU, TRUESDALE.
IF I CAN'T BRING YOU BACK,
MAYBE YOUR FRIENDS CAN.
Syrus, thinking:
WHAT HAPPENED TO YOU, ZANE?
I MEAN, SURE YOU WERE
NEVER MR. PERSONALITY...
BUT ANYTHING'S
BETTER THAN THIS!
POOR GUY.
♪ CHILLIN' NOW WITH THE CREW
IN THE SCHOOLYARD ♪
♪ FINDING TROUBLE ♪
♪ NEVER LOOKING
TOO HARD ♪
♪ WELL,
BACK AT CLASS ♪
♪ THEY NEVER
TAUGHT US THIS ♪
♪ SOME THINGS YOU GOTTA
LEARN HIT OR MISS ♪
♪ TOUGH TIMES,
HARD CLIMBS ♪
♪ WE'LL TAKE
'EM ON TOGETHER ♪
♪ RIGHT NOW ♪
♪ LET'S GO ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH GX ♪
♪ GAME ON,
GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, COME ON
AND GET YOUR GAME ON ♪